Now what if I load a detail page.
Of course this works like this but if I reload the page here it will break and it will break in an ugly
way.
Similar thing can be observed if I'm editing a place.
It works like this but if I reload on this page doesn't work.
So we should also add a method that fetches a single place fetching single places would be useful because
it allows pages like the added offer page or to place detail page to work even if we load the page there.
So if we load the app there and we haven't loaded our pages where we load it all places before.
Now obviously we could just call fetch places in these pages here as well.
And you could argue that this might be good because it all ensures that places are there once you go
back to offers.
However dare we call fetch places anyways so it's not really a big advantage and it might simply take
longer because if we fetch all places when reloading the added offer page then we load a lot of redundant
data which we don't actually need there.
We just need that single place.
We try to edit after all hence it makes sense to go to the places service again and there we already
have a get place method note that is nice but what we want to do here in the end is we want to get a
place from the server now.
Here it is.
OK if I replaced my local place finder with the finder where I get this from a server or at least you
could say I want to get it from the server if we don't have the data locally you could of course make
such a fine grained differentiation.
I will simply always fetch a single place from the server here.
Therefore I'll simply go ahead use the H to be client and use it gets request and the user L for a single
place of course looks similar to the URL for updating a place we need to encode the place I.D. into
the URL so we'll fetch you or L from down there from the update place method and use that up here get
place like this.
Just that it's not named place idea here but the argument is just named I.D. So let's use that into
your l instead.
This gets the single place data.
Now we just need to make sure we're returning it in the right format.
Now here let's see in which format we get back our response.
Let's add tap here and console log the response data.
And then let's safeties and run the app and let's see what we're getting back when we're trying to fetch
a place like that I get an error because the page fails to load which is OK but I also see at the bottom
that what I got back is an object with all that place data except for the I.D. which is no problem because
I have to I.D..
Here of course.
So all we have to do here is we have to use map to construct the place object with the data we fetched
and that idea added to it.
So we get our place data our response data whatever you want to call it.
And in the end here I want to return a new place because I know that I get back a place data object
here so we can use that place data interface.
We defined earlier here in the angle brackets because that's just the type of data we're getting back
here.
And therefore here in the new place the idea is the idea I got here is an argument that doesn't change
then the title will be our place data title we will all have to place data description and basically
have all the place data fields we are fetching from the server all the price.
Now for the dates again I want to wrap that so place data.
Available from is one thing and then also in new Date.
I have placed data available too like that last but not least.
Also get the user I.D..
So this is now a new place which I'm returning.
And if we save that
it should not reload
but we still get an error and that error is stemming from the fact that in our edit offer page H html
file we're already trying to synchronize our fields here.
Our form controls to to form created in the edit all four page typescript file but there we actually
only initialize the form once we got our place which is super fast but which still takes a couple of
milliseconds so the template with all the form controls that angular tries to synchronize loads before
that place was fetched.
Now to fix this and to make sure that this works of course we can show a spinner here as well so we
can add is loading and set this to false here.
And then here before we call get placed I said is loading to true and then I set it back to FALSE after
we initialized this form here.
So there s after this I set is loading back to false and now in the template we can use is loading just
as we used to before.
And I would want to basically hide the entire form if we're loading so only show it if we're not loading
and if we are loading well then I'll just use a diff here with the ion spinner Woops I and irons better
color of primary and here I want to check whether we're loading node this alone wouldn't do though.
I'm also trying to access my form up here and I want to check if it's valid now form will not be initialized.
When does page first load because I only set a value to my form property here.
Once we got a place data we can fix this by adding a question mark off the forum which means only access
to valid property If form is set and I also set the place I.D. here on the back button.
Now the problem I have here is of course that this place also is only load after a certain amount of
time but actually the place I.D. is a way lable earlier so we can work around this by adding a place
Aidid property here and we set this place I.D. whenever we got an idea.
So basically here before we start loading the place for that I.D. We can already store the place I.D.
which is part of the U or L and set does equal to Param map get place ideas like this.
And now with this new place I.D. property added here where we needed we can also use place I.D. instead
of place dot I.D..
And with that if we wait for this to reload our page here loads correctly but we will actually have
new problems.